last time on sonic arts this competition
got 25% less homosexual yah yah yah yah
yah yah yah hey Coco can I ask you
something even knuckles what can I help
you with listen I know this is kind of a
cheap move but if it ever comes down to
a decision if you have to choose between
me and Shiro
could you pick me yeah sure wait you're
not gonna think about this no you came
to me first
it's only fair Wow thanks Coco
hey babe how's it going shadow I thought
we went over this babe thing well
congratulations on making it into the
final three and as tradition you will
each receive one gift from a previously
eliminated contestant go go from silver
a spa treatment kit complete with it
happy meditation and bubble bath yay
thanks silver shadow from Sonic a
self-help book to keep you from killing
yourself wait why would I be so set okay
for the last time I am NOT emo bad
knuckles from cream a strange prison
while it cranks and me up ha ha cream
very funny
welcome to the African savannah because
now I never bothers memorizing the name
of the countries ah seriously man yay
finally get to see all my lion cousins
sure thing go cook because today we are
gonna go hunting come on down
Go Go that was only a joke yay so what
are you doing for real this time
well for today's challenge you are gonna
do a crossword race your finish line
will be Hollywood Boulevard in Los
Angeles California
you guys can get there any way you want
but be sure not to come and laugh
because if you do you'll be
automatically eliminated and now I'm
just gonna ditch you guys here looks
like it's time for me to go that cat
already got a head start
uh-huh Oh looks like knuckles and gogo
already left both think that I was able
to snag a costume on before I got off
the plane chaos control touching it
right on the cruise ship as a cat it
wasn't half a bad idea after all
now let's win this race oh the goodest
Mount Everest was in the same continent
like I should be able to make it to Los
Angeles if I collide from this elevation
start oh don't you feel a little bit
guilty you got here with chaos control
man knuckles and Coco can understand hmm
no I gotta here before Coco send Coco
home no I got here first
and you crushed my back Oh boohoo why
don't you go cry to your mama but sucks
for you
because I got here before
you did you bitch you scratched my leg
calm down you two it doesn't matter if
you came in last place it matters if you
came in first because whoever came in
first
what invincibility and they also get to
decide who goes home and who goes into
the final two so I guess the decision is
mine no you got here with chaos control
which is cheating and since Google
clearly got here first the decision is
hers so Google who will you take with
you into the final to shadow or knuckles
well I need to think about this for a
second
oh it's obvious she's gonna choose our
boyfriend no knuckles I made a promise
to you and another type of person who
breaks promises so I guess I'm gonna
choose myself I choose me to go home
what Google no seriously
shadow I love you and I can't send you
home
but knuckles I made you a promise so
this is the only option left then
besides I had a great time here with you
guys it was worth it
I see Coco I see oh I'm just gonna send
home knuckles cuz he's a jerk toodaloo
knuckles
wait no well congratulations on making
it into the final two see you in the
morning and I promise you I'll be
watching you tonight
well come on go go let's go get some
shut-eye
you